# Wickrama-Electricals
Wickrama Electricals is supported by fully experienced more than 20 years in electrical industry and more than 15 years qualified technical background. The company was started in 2011.Their engineering service is geared to provide the best installation, remarkable and efficient after sales service to your satisfaction without disturbance to the ongoing production process. The owner of the company is Mr. Rohan Gayanath Samarawickrama. He is an electrical engineer. The company vision is “Be recognized by our customer as their best supplier”.   The mission of the company is “To be the most successful and leading company in providing the best and highest quality products and service solutions with entirely new experience”. Their leading product is VEICHI Inverters and they provide island wide delivery. VEICHI has developed a wide range of electrical products, covering variable frequency drives, servo systems, solar PV inverter, PLC, HMI, automation equipment’s and so on. As VIECHI products are well known as stable performance, high quality and perfect technical support. Its products are selling well that they are widely used in many fields such as petroleum, chemical, ceramics, lifting, machine tools, metal products, wire and cable, plastic, printing and packaging, textile, and chemical product and more. The other electric items are targeted the factories and highly developing construction area. Horana is an extensive area located of industrial and export processing zones with huge factories because of that reason their location is very useful for the companies and also there is a good advantage for their business.
The existing system is a manual file-based  system. When a business done the  cashier writes  everything on the record books. When the item stock finish, they call to the  companies to  order the items. They write the  profits , daily sales, monthly sales and monthly profit on the books.
They are using a bookkeeping manual system. So, records are maintained by hand, not using a computerized system. Instead transactions are written in journals, from which the information is manually rolled up into a set of financial statements. 
Apart from that they faced so many problems. when suddenly some stocks are unavailable, the storekeeper have to search all over the pages of record books to find the details such as the date they updated the stores, the quantity of last updated stores and all. It is wasting of time. If the details were lost, those cannot get back because there are no backups in the company. 
When they clean or rearrange where the record files/journals are stored and misplace a record file, the whole data in that can be lost. So, the less security of data is a huge problem. 
The storekeepers have to pay more attention to the stores because they have to be in alert of every stores. It is so hard to scroll the books and calculate the quantities. When the store is less of goods they have to order some more .  Because of a storekeeper calculates and writes all the data, the accuracy is less than a computerized system too.
